# CTF: All-Army Cyberstakes 2020

- Challenge: Really Senseless Admins 
- Category: crypto	
- Points: 35
- Difficulty: Introductory

## Instructions:

We fired Julius, but the new guy apparently misplaced the file with our pivate key. All he could find was the encrypted flag and some file labeled 'params'. flag.enc params.txt

## Hints:

The new guy apparently just treated the flag text as a big-endian integer. Apparently, this made it easier for him to use the online tools he had found.    
Wouldn't it be nice if there were detailed write-ups about these cryptosystems? 
We found a few notes on the admin's desk. One note just had the URL of an online RSA tool. The second note had two URLs on it with 'plaintext ⇒ hex ⇒ int' scribbled beside it. The third one makes it look like the plaintext generated by the RSA tool will start with 104.

## Solution:

Our new encryption is done using RSA. We are given the following [file](https://gitlab.usna.edu/cyberopsmidncourses/sy485k/shamugia/-/blob/master/ACIctf/crypto02_35_ReallySenselessAdmins/params.txt) which has p,q,e values together with the [ciphertext](https://gitlab.usna.edu/cyberopsmidncourses/sy485k/shamugia/-/blob/master/ACIctf/crypto02_35_ReallySenselessAdmins/flag.enc).

Due to the mathematical properties of the RSA cipher, it is easy to decode the original message if we know the prime numbers as well as the e value.

In order to solve the challenge I used a [python script](https://gitlab.usna.edu/cyberopsmidncourses/sy485k/shamugia/-/blob/master/ACIctf/crypto02_35_ReallySenselessAdmins/sol.py) which calculated the value of d and then converted the plaintext integer to bytes.


## Flag

`ACI{Pr1m3s_T!M3z_dcfbaf07}`

## Mitigation:

Although RSA encryption is secure and is used worldwide, it is important to have the correct implementation of the cipher. If you give away the values of the prime numbers that will defeat the whole purpose of the RSA encryption. 
